---
layout: post
title:  "IIT Files"
categories: Article
tags: Article Graduate
---

* content
{:toc}

# Deadline：

Priority deadline is encouraged for students looking to secure their spots at Illinois Tech sooner rather than later.
**For the fall term, applicants can expect decisions to be released starting by March 1 or earlier.**
For the spring term, applicants can expect decisions to be released by October 1 or earlier.

||INTERNATIONAL APPLICANTS(need a student visa from IIT) || Fall 2017 ||
||Priority Deadline        || January 31, 2017  ||
||Application Deadline***  || May 1, 2017  ||
||Last day to submit financial support form ||July 1, 2017  ||
||Intent to Enroll         || July 7, 2017  ||
||Deposit                  || July 15, 2017  ||
||Late Arrival (by Request Only)  ||August 26, 2017  ||

*Every applicant who meets the deadline is automatically considered for graduate fellowships, scholarships, teaching and research assistantships awarded by individual academic departments. Departmental funding is awarded to a limited number of highly qualified, full-time students at the time of admission. If you receive a funding award, you will be notified of the award in your official admission letter.*


# Application Fee (non-refundable)

**The application fee can only be paid by credit card.** We do not accept PayPal nor payments sent b## mail. The fee for graduate students is **$75** ​except the Institute of Design, Kent College of Law, and the Intensive English Language Program (IEP). Current IIT students or alumni are eligible for application fee waivers; be sure to indicate IIT in the enrollment history section of your application if you are currently attending or have previously attended IIT to receive the waiver. Be sure to follow the instructions in the application once you indicate IIT as a school to ensure the application fee is applied properly.

# How to Upload Documents

Please **do not** submit your official documents via post; all documents need to be uploaded electronically. **Be sure all documents are in PDF format.** If there are multiple pages of one document, merge all pages into one PDF file.


Instructions below for submission.


Scan a copy of your official and original paper transcripts, individual mark sheets, or electronic transcript provided to you from your institution’s Registrar. **Do NOT upload your institution's web-based academic record or a document stating it is not an official transcript.** Please note attested copies are not acceptable and will delay processing time. **You must include an official English translation if your official transcripts are not issued in English.**


**Make sure that all critical and identifying marks have been scanned and are legible. These include the institution's name, your name, and the names of your courses and the grades you have received. It is important that you scan both the front and back (if there is information on the back) of your documents: we will need to be able to review the information provided on the back of your documents concerning credit hours, the institution's grading scale, etc.**


**All files MUST be in PDF format.**


**If the degree is completed, you MUST upload your original degree certificate or provisional certificate along with your academic transcripts or mark sheets.**

# Transcripts
During the application, you must indicate all institutions attended, regardless if a degree was earned or not, even if you received transfer credit from your next institution.


**If you receive transcripts or mark sheets from the school, we allow you to break the seal of the envelope to then scan and upload your documents.** Domestic applicants may have a stamp on their transcripts that say “Issued to Student.”


**Make sure that all critical and identifying marks have been scanned and are legible. These include the institution's name, your name, and the names of your courses and the grades you have received. It is important that you scan both the front and back (if there is information on the back) of your documents: we will need to be able to review the information provided on the back of your documents concerning credit hours, the institution's grading scale, etc.**


**If the degree is completed, you MUST upload your original degree certificate or provisional certificate along with your academic transcripts or mark sheets.**


**All files MUST be in PDF format.**

# International Applicants—Acceptable Credentials

The table below details the credentials accepted for admission to Illinois Tech's graduate programs

||Country || Minimum Level Required  ||Evaluation Required? 
||China   || Four-year university degree || No 

## Transcripts From Institutions in China

** You must present the original academic transcripts, and graduation and degree certificates with the stamp or seal of the university on each page.** * Transcripts must be submitted in the original language and in English. Translations must come from the institution or from a professional translation service.*

If the degree is completed, you MUST upload your original degree certificate or provisional certificate along with your academic transcripts or mark sheets in both languages through the online Application Portal.

# All Applicants Please Note

**If your prior institution does not issue transcripts in English, both the original and a professional English translation are required.** ** We recommend an ATA translator (http://www.atanet.org/). ** If your prior institution does not use the 4.0 scale grading system, your admission specialist in the Office of Graduate Admission will evaluate your grades with respect to that system upon review of your transcripts. In the case we are unable to evaluate and interpret credentials applicants will be required to have their documents professionally evaluated. **Applicants must use Educational Credential Evaluators, One Earth International Credential Evaluations, or Educational Perspectives.** Professional evaluations along with official, original documents should be uploaded with the application. If you are admitted you will be required to have the official evaluation submitted to Illinois Tech by the issuing service.

If you encounter issues with uploading your transcripts in your online application please contact your specialist.

# Professional Statement

**Your professional statement should be written in essay format and should include discussion of your reasons for pursuing graduate study, your academic background, your research interests (if applicable), relevant professional experience or related accomplishments to date, and your career goals. A typical statement is between 500-2000 words in length.**

**Your professional statement is a required application document to be submitted and it cannot be revised or resubmitted after you submit the application.**

# Resume

*Only applicants to the IIT Stuart School of Business must submit a current resume as a required application document.* No other departments or schools allow or require a resume as a supplemental application document.

# Letters of Recommendation

Beginning with applications for the spring 2016 semester and all future terms, the Office of Graduate Admission permits letters of recommendation to be optional for all master's and Ph.D. programs. **Master's and Ph.D. applicants may submit up to two letters of recommendation.**

**Letters of recommendation should be submitted from individuals who are able to assess your academic and/or career achievements and potential.** **Recommenders may include professors or employers, but may not include family members or personal friends.** Please ask your recommenders ahead of time if they are willing to write you a letter of recommendation.

**Letters of recommendation must be submitted through the online Application Portal; you will input the recommendor’s name and email address, and they will receive an electronic invitation to their email and then type in their recommendation, not upload a document.** You will not see this document as they will upload it themselves and it will go immediately into your application.

Please do not submit more letters than are allowed for your application. Additional letters will not be reviewed by the admission committee.

# GRE/GMAT Scores

**We require official Graduate Record Examination (GRE) or Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) (IIT Stuart applicants only) scores sent directly to IIT by the Educational Testing Service (ETS) or Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC).** Please ask ETS to send your scores to institution code **1318**; no department code is required. For GMAT scores please select Ilinois Institute of Technology and the correct college/program. Read complete GRE/GMAT score requirements.

NOTE: **Any difference between an applicant's name in the score report and in the application to Illinois Tech will delay or prevent Illinois Tech from properly obtaining scores.** Be sure that the name you give the testing service matches exactly the name you provided on your application to Illinois Tech.

# TOEFL, PTE, or IELTS Scores (if Required)

**Any applicant whose undergraduate degree was earned at an institution where the primary language of instruction is not English must submit Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), Pearson Test of English (PTE), or International English Language Testing System (IELTS) scores. Read complete English proficiency requirements.**

**We require official TOEFL, PTE, or IELTS scores sent directly to Illinois Tech by the testing service.** Please request that your scores be set to institution code **1318**; no department code is required.

**NOTE: any difference between an applicant's name in the score report and in the application to Illinois Tech will delay or prevent Illinois Tech from properly obtaining scores. Be sure that the name you give the testing service matches exactly the name you provided on your application to Illinois Tech.**

IIT Stuart Applicants: Please note that Stuart students are required to participate in an English assessment and possibly take courses in the Professional Communication Advancement Program even if they are not required to submit TOEFL, PTE, or IELTS scores for admission. 

# International Applicants Only—Financial Support Documents

**Please complete Graduate Admission's Financial Support Form. Please read all instructions carefully to ensure that each required section of the form is complete.**

**You must upload the form along with all supporting documentation in your App Tracker. Your unique App Tracker is provided in all application emails. Please note, submission of this form is not required for review of your application.**

**You may submit your financial support documents after being notified of admission, if you wish; however, an I-20 cannot be issued to any admitted student until valid documents have been received and approved by the Office of Graduate Admission. For this reason, we encourage you to submit them as early as possible.**

# International Applicants Only—Passport Identity Page

**A copy of your passport identity page must be submitted through your App Tracker.**

**The copy of your passport identity page is not required for purposes of application review and admission decision, although applicants are strongly encouraged to submit it prior to admission, if possible. This documentation aids in efficient processing of your I-20, if you are admitted.**

IIT 欢迎，但不是必要，你要想好找谁写介绍信？
 
Please provide the following details about your intended recommenders. As soon as you fill out the required fields for ALL three recommenders and hit CONTINUE, your recommendation request will be sent.
Letters of recommendation are optional for most programs.  Programs that require at least two letters of recommendation are programs within the Institute of Design, Lewis College of Human Sciences, College of Architecture and Analytical Chemistry.  




Your professional statement should be written in essay format and should include discussion of your reasons for pursuing graduate study, your academic background, your research interests (if applicable), relevant professional experience or related accomplishments to date, and your career goals. A typical statement is between 500-2000 words in length.

还差：
成绩单扫描
护照扫描
三封推荐信


zhaokaifei1993@gmail.com	opkasd000



