---
layout: post
title:  ""
categories: Article
tags: Article Life
---

* content
{:toc}

# Deadline

**The absolute deadline for fall online applications is December 15.** All supplemental documents must be received, not postmarked, by **January 15th** in order to be considered for admission. Please allow plenty of time for submission of documents and scores to be received in our office by the January 15 deadline.

# Application Fee

Application Fee Your application cannot be reviewed until UCI has received your non-refundable application fee ($105 for U.S. Citizens and lawful U.S. Permanent Residents, and $125 for all other applicants beginning for Fall '17 admission). 



# Reason for Requested Exception

A review of the student’s transcript shows a cumulative GPA of 2.9 for the last three quarters of enrollment. He received a grade of C - in a course not required for completion of his graduate program. The department feels this does not affect his ability to perform successfully as a TA in his field o f study. The student is otherwise making satisfactory progress toward his degree


# Grades

GRE is sent electronically from the Educational Testing Service directly to UC Irvine. Please choose Institution Code 4859 on the GRE.

TOEFL or IELTS If required; scores will be sent directly to UC Irvine by the testing agency. Please choose Institution Code 4859.

# Letters of Recommendation

Three letters of recommendation are required. These may be submitted electronically by your recommenders via the online application system; or paper versions are also accepted.


# Transcripts

Submit one official transcript for every post secondary program attended. Official transcripts must be in sealed envelopes as issued by the school(s) you have attended. Request current transcripts from every post-secondary school that you have attended, including community colleges, summer sessions, and extension programs. If you have attended UCI, you must request an official transcript; we cannot obtain them on your behalf. All transcripts must be sent directly from the Registrar’s Office at your previous institutions to the academic program to which you applied (NOT to UCI’s Graduate Division).


# Supplemental Materials

Some programs require submission of additional materials; please contact your program of interest to determine if any additional materials are required. Normally any supplemental materials should be mailed to the program to which you are applying.


You must supply a valid e-mail address that you will maintain at least 8 months after you apply. If you are admitted, you will be notified via this e-mail address.


Proper submission of official materials is also of utmost importance. Letters of recommendation must be submitted by the letter writer; an applicant must not submit a letter of recommendation on behalf of the letter writer. In cases where an applicant has submitted incomplete or inaccurate information on their UCI application, or fraudulently submitted official application materials on behalf of another individual or institution, the matter will be reviewed as a case of falsification and may result in the cancellation of the application or the withdrawal of an admission offer.


Five business days after your completed application has been submitted, you may check the Application Progress Review system to see if your official test scores (GRE and TOEFL) have been received from ETS. You should also monitor progress on submission of your letters of recommendation via the Application Progress Review system.


UI 表格我看到了，personal statement 修订后，上载前，要给我看看。整个表格，最后发出之前，要给我看看。

·       Academic plans and research interests
·       Relevant experience
·       Future career goals
·       Why UC Irvine would be a good intellectual fit for you
 
 
他们要求要有这些内容，请修订你的PS，最好把文章分成这4段，我们好像最后一点，没有提及，要补上

还要写一篇 Personal History Statement? 要求，在哪里, 我找不到。
 
In addition to the "Statement of Purpose" and "Personal History Statement", some academic programs require applicants to provide a writing sample. Applicants will be notified about any such requirements by their program and will submit any additional items separately and directly to the program. Check with your department about any such additional requirements.






还差：
Statement of Purpose













Application #280503

zhaokaifei
opkasd000








