---
layout: post
title:  "PS_Draft1"
categories: Article
tags: Article PS
---

* content
{:toc}


After graduated from my collage, I have worked for 1 year. At this point of my life, I realize that I still need some training to be a better engeer. What I had learned from my collage time is great, but they are not deep enough for me, I want to learn something more advance and with more technology.

Engineer is not just a job for me, but more like a life style. Ever since my high school, I had the dream to be a great engineer, not just because engineers looks cool, but they are to solve practical problems. It is so attractive to me to learn how everything works and how to use them. I am working as a hardware engineer now in a high technology switch compony, designing schematic and test the circuit. It brings me so much sense of accomplishment. To use a lot chips and electronic circuit, our product can provide a company with Internet signals. Everytime when there is problem, I am always willing to find where the problem is 
and why is this happening.

I take a keen interest in Hardware and Engineering Systems. When I was in collage, I was working on a project to design an animals' training system, using a small chip and write some software to design the system. After graduated from collage, I have been working in a communication compony for a year, my work is to design the hardware circuit and solve the product problems.

There is truly no end to learning, as this has become a world where a constant addition to abilities is the key to growth in a dynamic world. I am fortunate to belong to a family that places a high value of education. I have been given all the encouragement and facility to develop my talents and interests. I have completed several courses in public speaking and leadership training. Sports, music and reading also fill my life. I was also leader of the a students' organization for posting news for students when I was in collage. I also participate in many volunteer work to help collage students and high school students to realize their dreams.

I seek to fulfill my goals in an environment that encourages creativity and motivation. I feel confident that the staff and facilities in your institute will provide me with such an environment. I am well aware of the demands of studying in the more competitive American environment. I am certain that I am mentally and physically competent to succeed at your school. I am basically a hard working and a sincere person. My enthusiasm and urge to excel will help me to make the best use of every learning opportunity.


In conclusion I would like to say that the knowledge gained from 4 years of hardware engineering has provided me with a solid foundation. This will certainly help me in my desire to specialize in my chosen field. My country China has a thriving hardware industry. I aim to study abroad and return with the skill and competence to find my mark and be a vital part of this booming, futuristic industry. I assure you of my sincerity, dedication and hard work.
